Any help will be highly appreciated :-)
    
    plymouth theme :
        We should show an image with a message on the nodes explaining that the
        the computer is being used as a node of a cluster.
        
        We should check how Dracut's plymouth module works, and make it work
        on Debian/Ubuntu.
        
    Checkpointing on reboot
        If somebody hits crtl + alt + supr on a node, we may allow openmpit
        checkpointing.
        
    Slurm support
        We should support a job scheduler.
        
    NFS4 support :
        We could also use another aproach instead of using a writable overlay
        over the exported nfs4 root. We could mount tmpfs over /tmp, /var/run, 
        /var/lock, /var/log, etc... and check if this is enough for a our node's
        systems.
        
    kestrel-reconfigure --install/--reconfigure:
        We can ask questions to help configuring a basic kestrel hpc.
        
    kestrel-image --chroot :
        Chroot should be disabled by default, since although is a usefull 
        feature you need to trust any user with kestrel rights. 
        This command gives the user root rights under the chroot, and he could 
        easily escape from the chroot and have access to the whole system.
        
    kestrel-* and sudo :
        kestrel users may not have admin rights, but kestrel commands need root
        rights to restart services, and change some system's config files.
        
        All kestrel commands must be reviewed carefully, since we don't want any
        root scalation vulnerability.
        
        By default. We don't modify the system sudoer config, this may be done
        in the future from kestrel-reconfigure.
        
    Autocomplete in commands.
    
    Complete the cron script to check if nodes are up and working correctly.
    
        The best approach could be with :
        
            ssh @node-ip /bin/true || error
        
        We cannot only check if there is a connection with a client using netcat
        since we cannot ensure that the client is only inactive.
        
    Create a command or a module which creates a kestrelhpc based live cd :
    
        The command first should create a fresh kestrel image, afterwards using 
        live-helper debootstrap a complete system, and before creating the image
        (as a live helper hook script) :
        
            - Install kestrelhpc package on the live cd image.
            
            - Copy the contents of the kestrelhpc image to the live cd image.
              Note: Instead of just copying the contents, only copy those files
              not present on the live cd image, for the rest just create hard 
              links to minimaze the size of the cd/dvd.
              
    Test exhaustively KESTREL_HOSTNAME changes.
        
    English fixes :
        I tried my best, but there are probably a lot of grammatical errors
        throughout the project.
        
